Update USER_MANUAL.md (#395)
spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms: USER_MANUAL.md

  * Shut down the deployment if this doesn't happen automatically.
* These tests can also be run in the cloud by deploying the `PlayerDisconnectGym` map and launching two clients.

#### RPCTimeoutTestGym
* Demonstrates that:
  * RPC parameters holding references to loadable assets are able to be resolved without timing out.
* NOTE: This gym can only be run manually because it requires tweaking settings and running under multiple processes.
* Pre-test steps:

>   * Navigate to `Edit > Project Settings > SpatialOS GDK for Unreal - Runtime Settings > Replication > Wait Time Before Processing Received RPC With Unresolved Refs` from `1.0` to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Navigate to `Edit > Project Settings > SpatialOS GDK for Unreal - Runtime Settings > Replication` and set Wait Time Before Processing Received RPC With Unresolved Refs` to `0` (revert it to the previous value after the test).
```

Reviewer: Actually, we should be able to exploit per-test settings for that

>   * Navigate to `Edit > Project Settings > SpatialOS GDK for Unreal - Runtime Settings > Replication` and set Wait Time Before Processing Received RPC With Unresolved Refs` to `0` (revert it to the previous value after the test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Navigate to `Edit > Project Settings > SpatialOS GDK for Unreal - Runtime Settings > Replication` and set `Wait Time Before Processing Received RPC With Unresolved Refs` to `0` (revert it to the previous value after the test).
```
Missing a `
